STUART: TO.
CHARLES: A NEW GRASSROOTS
MOVEMENT URGING DEMOCRATS THAT
IT'S CALLED THE WALK
AWAY THE MOVEMENT AND
ITS GAINING SERIOUS
MOMENTUM.
CANDACE L LENS JOINS US.
WE TALK ABOUT THIS AT
THAT FRIDAY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE OVER THE
WEEKEND THAT'S ALL I
I KNOW TURNING POINTS
WORKING ON A SIMILAR
CAMPAIGN, BUT EXPLAIN
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
>> I THINK IT'S THE MOST
NATURAL THING IN THE
WORLD TRICK
UNFORTUNATELY THE LEFT
AND DEMOCRATS, THE PARTY
MILLENNIAL'S WHO HAVE
BECOME VIOLENT-- THEY
HAVE BECOME VIOLENT AND
EXTREME AND BEYOND THAT
THEY HAVE RADICAL IDEAS.
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT
SOCIALISM AS A PLATFORM,
WHICH AS WE BOTH KNOW
HAS OVER 100 PIT--
100 MILLION PEOPLE OVER
THE LAST 100 YEARS.
LEFT ANYMORE.
CHARLES: THE NOTION ALSO MET
PEOPLE ARE NOW BRAVE ENOUGH TO
WALKWAY REMAINED MISSING YOU
TAKE AIKEN'S CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT
OF BACKLASH IF YOU ARE PART OF
ANY SPECIAL INTEREST GROUP
THAT'S EXPECTED TO BE DEMOCRAT
AND PEOPLE ARE SHOCKED WHEN
YOU'RE NOT A DEMOCRAT.
AND NOT A DEMOCRAT
PEOPLE ARE SHOCKED.
IF YOU ARE HISPANIC AND
NOT A DEMOCRAT THEN
PEOPLE ARE SHOCKED AND
IT TAKES A CERTAIN
>> A DOZEN I THINK WHAT
WE CAN CONTRIBUTE THIS
TO HIS SOCIAL MEDIA.
SOCIAL MEDIA HAS
PROVIDED THAT COURAGE
BECAUSE YOU LOOK AROUND
AND YOU SEE SO MANY
LIKE-MINDED INDIVIDUALS
POP UP.
ME AS A BLACK PERSON WHO
SAYS I HAVE CONSERVATIVE
ME LIKE CONDOLEEZZA RICE
AND DOCTOR BEN CARSON
DIDN'T HAVE SOCIAL MEDIA
SPRINGBOARD OFF THEIR
IDEAS AND MAKE IT OKAY
TO COME OUT.
THE WALKWAY #WAS STARTED
BY A GAY HAIRDRESSER IN
NEW YORK CITY SO WE SEE
SO MAY PEOPLE POP UP AND
AS I SAID IT'S JUST THE
BEGINNING.
I REALLY DO BELIEVE WE
ARE SEEING THE END OF
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY AS
THAT SAME NOTE.
THERE IS A POLL ACTUALLY
MILLENNIAL'S SUPPORTED
DEMOCRATS WERE CONGRESS
SOMETHING BY NINE
PERCENTAGE POINTS IN THE
LAST COUPLE YEARS.
LISTEN, IT SEEMS LIKE
THERE'S A MASSIVE SHIFT
TO THE GOP, BUT
PARTICULARLY AWAY FROM
DEMOCRATS AMONG
MILLENNIAL'S.
WHAT YOU MAKE OF THAT?
>> WELL, LOOK AT SOME OF
THE FACTS OR CLICK AT
THE PRIORITIES ON THE
LEFT.
THEY HAVE BEEN HIGHLY
FOCUSED ON ILLEGAL
IMMIGRANTS SEPARATED
FROM THEIR FAMILIES AND
YET WE SEE THERE ARE
MILLIONS OF KIDS IN
FOSTER CARE AND MILLIONS
OF KIDS THAT HAVE BEEN
SEPARATED BY THEIR
PARENTS THAT ARE IN
PEOPLE ARE STARTING TO
WAKE UP AND UNDERSTAND
THEIR INTEREST HAS NOT
BEEN FOR US IN A LONG
TIME AND THEY HAVE BEEN
INSISTING ON USING OUR
IDENTITIES WHETHER WE
ARE BLACK OR SEXUAL
ORIENTATION, GAY,
LESBIAN TO SORT OF
STRAPLESS GOWN INTO THIS
DEMOCRATIC PARTY
A MOVEMENT TOWARDS
ULTIMATELY INDIVIDUALISM
CHARLES: IN THIS THE TICKLER
PAUL WHITE MEN 18 TO MAKE 34,
FOR DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS THAT
NUMBERS DOWN TO MAKE 37%.
IDENTITY POLITICS AND
THE SELLING OF GUILT
SEEMS TO BE BACKFIRING
IN THE NOTION EVERYONE
SHOULD BE GUILTY OR
ANGRY OR HAVE SOME SORT
OF ANIMOSITY AGAINST
SOMEONE THAT'S NOT LIKE
THEM WHETHER IT'S INCOME
RELATED TO RACE RELATED
OR SEXUALLY ORIENTATION.
DEVASTATION THAT'S
HAPPENING TO THE
DEMOCRATS.
THAT'S WHY I CREATED MY
YOUTUBE PAGE INITIALLY I
SAW THIS THIS MOVEMENT
HAPPENING.
LOOK AT WHAT THEY ARE
SELLING AND ADJECTIVES
YOU JUST USE, GUILT.
THAT TYPE-- IDEA BEING
OPPRESSED AND ANGRY AS A
VICTIM AND WHAT WE
OFFERS FREEDOM,
HAPPINESS, INDIVIDUALISM
IN A WAY TO PROGRESS
FORWARD.
WHAT WILL IT WHEN AND IN
OR NEGATIVITY?